Twitter is a goldmine of data. Unlike other social platforms, almost every user’s tweets are completely public and pullable. This is a huge plus if you’re trying to get a large amount of data to run analytics on. There is a myriad of projects one could do with Twitter data. For example you could run Sentiment Analysis algorithm on tweets that mention your company and analyse how is it received by public. Other useful ideas what we could do with the data scraped from Twitter: Entity Recognition Analysis, Geo Location Based Applications or Anomaly Detection Algorithms.

Did you know that almost 66 percent of all tweets containing links are tweeted or retweeted by bots? It is very likely that you’ve interacted with a bot without even knowing it! Twitter is one of the most bot-friendly environments out there so why not build one ourselves.
Let’s make our lives a little bit easier with replying to birthday wishes on Twitter what can be very tedious sometimes. We are going to build an autoreplying bot to birthday wishes where we were tagged and that contains hashtag #happybirthday. For our project we are going to use Tweepy library, which is an open/source, easy to use Python library for accessing the Twitter API.
1.	First thing we need to do is to apply for access on Twitter Developer account on https://developer.twitter.com. 
2.	In App details we are going to generate Twitter app’s API keys and access tokens.
3.	After creating our app, important thing is to change settings by clicking at Add permissions from the default read only to read and write, which allows our bot to autoreply on tweets. 
4.	We will be deploying our birthday bot on PythonAnywhere which is a clould-based hosting provider where you can deploy your Python projects for free.
